[Music]
yesterday
hi marcus i am a single working mother
with three daughters
for years i did struggle the struggle is
real mate even though i'm back in work
full time
we've lost so much savings for having to
cover bills our partner has now been
made redundant until recently we have
always worked
now we can't even afford the transfer
for our children to get to school
okay
how is it affecting you guys i was i was
really ill in march
it was a flu virus but it was so intense
that i couldn't actually
move from the bed they actually come in
and deliver food to my home for this
community to actually provide it for me
that has been really beneficial so maori
how do you feel about
you know seeing your mum struggling and
things like that
it's very upset seeing my mom like um
upset sometimes and
thinking how she gonna give us this meal
today or like how can i help
so i tried doing stuff like help the
community like
um i can clean your windows for three
pounds or something like that give it to
my mum or do something like
put on my oyster so i can get onto the
train to go to school
did you do you do that off your own back
yeah for me it's it's refreshing to hear
you say
things like that and like never never
feel
like anyone's looking down on you for
doing things like that because
they don't know what it feels like to to
have to survive like because when you
have to survive you do things like
that you do whatever you have to do
everyone's parents are in different
situations and
you know if you're if you're a single
mother like that you are and like my mum
was
sometimes she'd work late i literally
used to eat cereal all day long
i swear to god